# Meetings notes

## Meeting 1.
* **DATE:** 29.1.2025 15.00-15.12
* **ASSISTANTS:**
Mika Oja

### Minutes 
12 minutes

*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

Our API uses are fine and overall everything was described as passed during the first meeting. UI design is not needed to implement now, because it is designed in fourth or fifth deliverables. Lot of the discussed things are described above, in the summary-option. In the future, it may be needed to expand our course project a little.

### Action points

*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*
We discussed about:
- we should open more why our project is an API, and not an invidual web software
- we could add some time management logic, and open more different purposes our API could do, instead of web SW.
- concrete concepts
- should add more concepts to our graph
- describe what our featuress can do based on objects
- 3-4 concepts are enough in this course

## Meeting 2.
* **DATE:** 13.2.2025 12.00-12.30
* **ASSISTANTS:** Mika Oja

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*
The feedback we received:
- Delete pycache and instance folders
- add missing .gitignore DONE
- modify the table by adding also there the length of passwords etc THIS IS IMPLEMENTED IN OUR CODE, NOT IN THE PLAN
- could users and groups have unique names also? maybe generated unique names? for tasks also! GENERATED FOR USER; TASK ; GROUP (UNIQUE USER AT LEAST WORKS)
- can users belong to multiple groups? yes -> it's not convenient to delete the user also when a group is deleted. Tasks under group that is deleted can be also deleted.
- change usergroup to many to many
- add missing "role" variable to usergroup DONE
- check klikkikomennot populointiin liittyen STARTED...
- use pip freeze for requirements.txt to get everything you need there DONE
- setup tools in flask projects STARTED...
- check datetime module for better functions DONE
- make project structure better STARTED...

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




## Meeting 3.
* **DATE:** 19.3.2025 12.30-13.00
* **ASSISTANTS:** Mika Oja

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*
- we went through our github page, tested our implemention with the tests we created and ran the project with pylint -> few cyclical imports found but there's nothing much to do for those
- validation missing for json schemas with POST and PUT
- all the discussed action points below

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*
- Move all the POST methods from items to collections
- Unify all the collection urls to be more plural (=yhdenmukaistakaa urleja)
- expand all the explanations in README
- check deployment exercise before writing instructions on deployment (klikkikomentoja yms?)
- create tests for error codes (jos on aikaa)





## Meeting 4.
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




## Midterm meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




## Final meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




